A docs update with production guide + restructured advanced guide (#2232)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/user-guide/advanced-guide/infrastructure-management/cloud-stacks/minimal-gcp-stack.md

few simple steps you will set up a service account with specifically-scoped 
permissions that ZenML can use to authenticate with the relevant GCP resources.

{% hint style="warning" %}

> While this guide focuses on Google Cloud, we are seeking for contributers to create a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this guide focuses on Google Cloud, we are seeking contributors to create a
```
